README.md, before:

# An(other) Async Rust CoAP server

An asynchronous [CoAP](https://coap.technology/) server with a modern and
ergonomic API for larger scale applications, inspired by warp and actix.

* **Ergonomic**: Fluent app-builder API makes it easy to compose rich
  applications, including those that use more advanced CoAP features.
* **Concurrent**: High concurrency is supported by using a separate spawned
  task for each request, allowing long running requests to not interfere with
  shorter running ones at scale.
* **Feature-rich**: Supports a wide range of CoAP server features including
  [Observe](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7641), and [Block-wise
  Transfer](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7959)
* **Flexible**: Supports pluggable transport backends with goals of supporting
  alternative async runtimes like
  [embassy](https://github.com/embassy-rs/embassy).

## Status

[![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/jasta/coap-server-rs.svg)](https://github.com/jasta/coap-server-rs)
[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/tokio-rs/tokio/blob/master/LICENSE)

This project is a work in progress, attempting to provide a more rich codebase for further development.

## Related Projects

- [martindisch/coap-lite](https://github.com/martindisch/coap-lite): used by
  this project as the low-level basis for CoAP protocol support
- [Covertness/coap-rs](https://github.com/Covertness/coap-rs): original server
  I used but outgrew when I needed more robust features like generic Observe
  support and /.well-known/core filtering.
- [ryankurte/rust-coap-client](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ryankurte/rust-coap-client):
  inspired the creation of this crate based on his excellent generalization of
  client backends
- [google/rust-async-coap](https://github.com/google/rust-async-coap)

Commit message:

Include reference to project status task, love that idea

README.md, after:

# An(other) Async Rust CoAP server

An asynchronous [CoAP](https://coap.technology/) server with a modern and
ergonomic API for larger scale applications, inspired by warp and actix.

* **Ergonomic**: Fluent app-builder API makes it easy to compose rich
  applications, including those that use more advanced CoAP features.
* **Concurrent**: High concurrency is supported by using a separate spawned
  task for each request, allowing long running requests to not interfere with
  shorter running ones at scale.
* **Feature-rich**: Supports a wide range of CoAP server features including
  [Observe](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7641), and [Block-wise
  Transfer](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7959)
* **Flexible**: Supports pluggable transport backends with goals of supporting
  alternative async runtimes like
  [embassy](https://github.com/embassy-rs/embassy).

## Status

[![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/jasta/coap-server-rs.svg)](https://github.com/jasta/coap-server-rs)
[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/tokio-rs/tokio/blob/master/LICENSE)

This project is a work in progress, attempting to provide a more rich codebase for further development.  See [Project Status](https://github.com/jasta/coap-server-rs/issues/1) tracking issue for more info.

## Related Projects

- [martindisch/coap-lite](https://github.com/martindisch/coap-lite): used by
  this project as the low-level basis for CoAP protocol support
- [Covertness/coap-rs](https://github.com/Covertness/coap-rs): original server
  I used but outgrew when I needed more robust features like generic Observe
  support and /.well-known/core filtering.
- [ryankurte/rust-coap-client](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ryankurte/rust-coap-client):
  inspired the creation of this crate based on his excellent generalization of
  client backends
- [google/rust-async-coap](https://github.com/google/rust-async-coap)
